hi guys it's Mike here with a PSAT 10
and welcome to another similar 4d and
Photoshop tutorial ok so Alex Taylor
requested can you make a Tyrael on how
to import shapes into cinema 4d okay
so that's what I'm going to do so if you
want a tutorial making you just write it
down in the description I'll give you a
shout out and I make it okay so first of
all you want to open your logo in
Photoshop so this is my logo okay and
first of all you want to hold ctrl or
command on the Mac and hover over this
thumbnail and click down this will
highlight everything around your shape
it's basically just like clicking ctrl a
okay and then you want to go over to the
square marquee tool rectangular marquee
tool you want to right click on the logo
and click make with work path change the
tolerance to two okay and that is the
work in Photoshop so you want to go to
file export path to illustrator
okay and paths with path okay just save
that somewhere now let's go desktop okay
then you want the head into cinema 4d
and you want to open up that file and
just click OK you don't need to scale it
okay and you'll get a 2d version of your
logo but you want it to be 3d okay so
you want to copy the contents out of
here
I'm delete the null object and then you
want to make how many ever extrude NURBS
okay like this and just drag them in and
there you have a 3d version of your logo
and to make them bigger you can make a
thicker even deeper you can just click
on the extra NURBS and change the depth
like so
alright so as you can see on the video
now there is so my other videos check
them out and remember to Like and
subscribe
subscribe I'll make you a tutorial okay
so I'll see in the next video thank you